pardon me today guys I've eaten a lot
today and haven't got that back showing
it anyway so you want to do is put your
tuner it heat you up to high and then
once it gets the full temperature you
want to put it down to halfway but
sometimes you'll get a little bits that
come up
remember to rinse your tuna tin because
when you put in a bit it starts to stink
and then it will attract players usually
I have to water one I don't buy the
brain it's not nice to buy the brain so
I put the temperature down to heart
burner and I'm just going to let this
warm up or not warm up it's basically
frying itself is frying for about a
minute a minute and a half
máximo for two seconds just enough until
the juices have disappeared on a fair
be careful you don't get any pieces of
metal in this I noticed mercury and fish
and stuff like that now yes either but a
bit of the friction tin in it you have
to be careful with that stuff well there
we go
that's right enough now what you want to
do is get your eggs as usual you guys
know how I'd make my food see me make my
smoothies if the yolk and the egg comes
out runny etc then more likely your egg
has gone bad
I know tunas still-frame but that's
alright
doesn't make a huge difference there you
go we have to do so now what you want to
do is just mix Ted and chin it together
I've been having this for a whole year
and I think when I just started getting
into fitness and stuff basically I just
mix together
you've seen my protein shakes and mice
movies they're kind of nuts it's like my
food as well
I call this scrambled tuna scrambled
tuna scramble with a D on the
n-dimensional turn it up a little bit
just 3/4 of the highest country have if
you're electric your gas to see you up a
bit so as you guys can see started to
turn into the persistency or scrambled
egg and obviously mix with the tuna
try not to get all over the place
you could have this with anything you
can have it with whole grain bread stuff
like that this is a very awkward
position but there you go you got
scrambled egg so this is what we've made
as you can see scrambled egg canned tuna
this is probably you wanted to taste
these meals you can ever make it's just
amazing try it for yourselves guys peace